I'm not idle, I'm just thinking!
I'm not idle, I'm just stretching!
Hey, don't shoot me!
search for nerdymark wasd-idler on GitHub
nerdymark's WASD Idler v1.1
nerdymark is now accepting modder gifts
What a NERD!
I'm not idle, I'm just being a nerd!
I'm not idle, I'm just being a geek!
I'm not idle, I'm just being a dork!
Add me to your friends list
On twitch I'm nerdymark408
Hey, wait, I have a new complaint
What year is it?
Kobe!
Skidoosh!
Ka-chow!
Looks like meat's back on the menu
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue
You're killing me, Smalls
Leave the gun, take the cannoli
You'll shoot your eye out, kid
I'm not crying, you're crying
As if
Bend.... and snap!
Pickle Rick!
The Dude abides
The snozzberries taste like snozzberries!
What's your damage?
Really, really ridiculously good looking
I'll have what she's having
I'll be back
I'm walking here!
I'm the king of the world!
I'm the ghost with the most, babe
What? Like it's hard?
It's like I have ESPN or something
I'm a peacock, you gotta let me fly!
I'm a leaf on the wind
I'm a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar
I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
That rug really tied the room together, did it not?
You're a wizard, Harry
We get the warhead and we hold the world ransom for.... ONE MILLION DOLLARS
We're not worthy!
Bueller... Bueller... Bueller...
Greater good? I'm nerdymark! I'm the greatest good you are ever gonna get!
Did you ever find Bugs Bunny attractive when he put on a dress?
Show me the money!
I'm not like a regular nerd, I'm a cool nerd.
You can't sit with us!
You can't handle the truth!
You complete me
You had me at hello
You had me at meat tornado
Get in loser, we're going shopping
Get in my belly!
This is my BOOMSTICK!
This is my rifle. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
That's what she said
Great Odin's raven!
Great success!!
Great, kid. Don't get cocky
Great, now you've killed the invisible swordsman!
*laughs* We're laughing
How can I be a fascist? I don't control the railways or the flow of commerce!
How do you like them apples?
Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
When life gives you lemons, just say 'F*** the lemons' and bail
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!
Did you just grab my butt?
By all means, move at a glacial pace. You know how that thrills me
Insert coin to continue
I am serious... and don't call me Shirley
Snap out of it!
Don't point that gun at him, he's an unpaid intern
I've had it with these motherf***ing nerds on this motherf***ing plane!
This job would be great if it wasn't for the f***ing customers
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
I have a bad feeling about this
One human alcohol beer, please
Pablo Picasso. More like Pablo Picasshole.
I don't want these virgins. They are going to taste too sad.
All secret meetings take place in the fancy room.
Yes, they are near. The smell of beef and sulfur is overwhelming.
How does it feel to be the least nerdy person at the bus station?
The world is mine, your death should be quick and painless.
I'm not a nerd, I'm a high-functioning nerd.
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it, it's probably s***.
I hate to sound like every woman ever, but I am depressed.
This is a man who thinks the plural of goose is sheep.
I'm not dead yet!
It's just a flesh wound!
I'm invincible!
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay
What are we going to do tonight, Brain?
The same thing we do every night, Pinky. Try to take over the world.
Narf!
Cats have five toes on their front paws, but only four on their back paws.
Cats have a third eyelid called a haw.
A cat's whiskers are thought to be a kind of radar.
Cats have a unique grooming pattern.
